Stephen: My name
is Stephen Jameson.
I'm one of the Tomorrow People.
They call our powers
the three t's.
Cara: Stephen?
Telepathy...
Stephen: Telekinesis...
And teleportation.
There is a shadow war going on
between us and Ultra...
- No!
The secret organization that hunts us.
The only way to keep
my species from going extinct
Is to find my father.
And the only way to do that
is by working for the enemy.
Previously on
the Tomorrow People...
Dad, I need your help.
Save all of them.
How?
Thanatos.
I think that Thanatos was
some sort of secret research program
That my dad was a part of.
I want him alive,
you understand?
Something's happened.
John should be back by now.
He's at Ultra.
They got him.
So. Here's how we can
proceed.
The simplest and most painless
way is for you to tell me
Me all I need to know.
In which case we'll
kill you quickly.
But you're not going to do that,
are you? I didn't think so.
Either way, this ends the same.
You will be dead. And I will
know everything inside your head,
Such as where your
rebel friends are hiding.
The only difference is...
I might have to work
a bit harder.
And you'll have to suffer in
ways you could never imagine.
[screaming]
Show me, John.
And this all can end.
[screaming]
If I ever get free...
You'll what?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I broke out before
you were born, boy.
[choking]
Enough!
If you kill him,
He can't tell us where
the Tomorrow People are hiding.
You are your father's son.
Both with the same weakness.
Misplaced compassion.
For him of all people.
If you only knew the truth,
you'd strangle him with your own hands.
What truth?
Tell him, John.
Go ahead, think of it
as a last confession.
Come on. He ought to know
how his father died.
You?
You're lying.
I'm sorry, Stephen.
Cara: Stephen?
What just happened?
Nothing.
Don't lie to me.
Whatever you just
felt, I felt it too.
You're hurting.
[thinking] John. He's not gonna
last much longer.
We gotta get him out of here
before this founder guy kills him.
I don't know about this.
You have a better plan?
Let's just run the odds
on it working.
Step one, we locate Jedikiah's secret
paranormal girlfriend before Ultra does.
Tim: Actually, based on your
former success rate in
Bringing in breakouts, I would
place those odds only at 22.34%.
And then what?
We kidnap her.
I know, but it's our only play.
And then? We hope that Jedikiah
cares enough about this chick to agree
To a prisoner exchange?
Stephen, you have anything yet?
[thinking] there's literally
not a single personal item in his office.
[thinking] Wait a second.
Cara: What?
[thinking] Found a picture of
Jedikiah and Morgan.
[thinking] He's smiling. Never seen
him look like that.
Oh god, he's even
creepier when he's happy.
Tim, can you use any landmarks
to pinpoint where this was taken?
Tim: I can certainly try.
It appears to be Montauk point.
She's close, I can sense her.
Okay, then where is she?
Seems like a good
place to lay low.
Hello? Morgan?
Anybody home?
What?
She's psychic, she already knows
we're here.
[Cara thinking] it's okay, we just
want to talk.
[Cara thinking] Jedikiah sent us
to check on you.
Morgan: Who are you?
[Cara thinking]
we're like you, Morgan.
How do I know
you're not agents?
[Russell thinking] Just gotta get
these cuffs on her.
Cuffs? You're here to take my powers.
Morgan, no!
It's no use teleporting.
Wherever you go,
I'll track you.
Have it your way.
Sooner or later,
you're coming with us!
A-ha, give me that.
She's feisty.
Guess Jedikiah has a type.
Morgan, I...
We need to talk.
About your girlfriend.
I'm assuming you'd like to see her again.
Where is she?
She's safe.
How do I know
you're not bluffing?
Let me show you.
You can't do this!
Let me go!
All right, what do you want?
What do you think?
John.
Hurt him, I will destroy the one
thing in this world you care about.
What do you want me to do?
Give me back the thing I love,
and I might just return the favor.
Give me a minute?
Why'd you do it, John?
They told me it had to be done.
That your father had
gone off the reservation.
Jedikiah said he'd
become a danger to us all.
So you blew him up?
You really want to hear this?
I have to know.
I set a bomb in his car.
And I waited.
He wanted me to think
I had killed him.
But he teleported out at
the last moment.
I followed him. That's when
I caught up with your father.
And I shot him.
I didn't want to, Stephen.
You know, all these years,
you've been telling your own
People that my father
could return at any moment,
When you knew you
put a bullet in him?
If I could take it
all back I would.
Well you can't.
You're a fraud, John.
Now you can go back and
tell Cara and everyone else the truth.
No, it's not my job
to tell Cara you lied.
That'd be too easy.
But for now, we're gonna forget
the fact that you tried to kill my father.
Why?
Because Thanatos is real.
My father's alive, and he is
out there, I'm sure of it.
And I'm gonna get you
the hell out of here.
Stephen, what is it?
What? What is what? - I can feel you
trying to work up the courage to
Ask me something.
So go ahead, just ask it.
Is it about your dad?
Yes, it's about dad.
Then please don't.
I need to find him.
Well, I can't help you.
You're trying to protect
me and Luca but the truth is
You wanna see him just
as much as I do.
Your father left us.
I don't know why.
I don't care.
I just don't want that kind
of chaos back in our life.
I don't think he was crazy.
You know it wasn't that simple.
He was protecting us.
Did he ever mention anything to you
about something called the Thanatos project?
All right, Stephen.
I think you need to stop.
I know this is hard for you to hear,
but the three of us are better off without him.
We're safer without him.
May I have a moment please?
I wonder what you want.
Let me guess, your boss
this founder guy,
Wants you to good cop
the information out of me?
Where the tomorrow
people are hiding.
No, I trained you myself.
I know you're not
going to talk.
That's not why I'm here.
I'm here to say goodbye.
Goodbye, son.
True to the end.
You wanted to see me?
Yeah, I want you to explain
to me what it is I'm looking at here.
Me taking away
Cara's powers. Why?
That's interesting, because
when Cara and her little gang
Kidnapped me her powers seemed
to be working just fine.
I wonder why that is.
I have a theory.
There, did you see that?
See what? - Yeah, it happens
really fast. Let me show you again.
There. - I don't know
what I'm looking for.
You know I didn't either.
This whole procedure seems very routine.
And then, I saw that.
Happens in the blink of an eye.
The devil is in the details.
You know what I think?
I think you stopped time.
And I think you swapped out the serum
for something innocuous like saline,
And then let Cara walk
out of here with her powers intact.
Cara, John, you seem to have
a soft spot for the Tomorrow People.
Not them.
Her.
I couldn't let you hurt her.
Because you love her.
Clearly.
Look, I know it was stupid.
And yet in this case, pardonable.
I know what it feels like not to want
to see someone you love get hurt.
In fact, that's why I
asked you here today.
You see, I too have grown
attached to one of your kind.
You're kidding.
Do I look like I'm kidding?
No.
Good.
See this relation
of mine, Morgan,
Is being held hostage
by the Tomorrow People.
They're threatening
to kill her unless I can set John free,
Which clearly I can't.
But you can.
Last meal.
Sorry about the jaw.
What jaw?
[Stephen thinking]
you could've warned me.
[John thinking]
I said I was sorry.
[Stephen thinking]
how'd you get out of the cuffs?
Wait for Stephen.
What now? This floor is lined
with D chips. You can't teleport out.
We make it look real.
Put up a little fight, will you?
We gotta sell this.
Back off or he dies!
I said back off!
Unless your boss wants
to lose a nephew!
Yeah? You're kind can't kill.
Wanna bet?
I aimed for your vest,
but the next one's in your face.
Hold your fire!
You know there's no
way out of here.
Your powers don't work now, John.
Let the kid go.
[Stephen thinking]
D chips, 11 and one.
I take it John made it back
to your little underground grotto safely?
[thinking]
no agents, coast is clear.
Jedikiah!
As promised.
Let's go.
Take these cuffs off me.
No.
We're not through yet.
We are done negotiating.
You got your girlfriend, that was the deal.
Cara, just hear him out.
Well?
Wherever it is you're hiding,
I'd like you to take Morgan with you.
What?
Like hell!
I want to be with you. - No,
John slipped while on my watch.
That means there's going
to be a microscope on me,
And the founder's going to sift through
my brain until he gets to the bottom of it,
And if he finds you, Morgan,
the only way you can be safe
Is if I don't know
where you are.
She is not coming with us. She could
lead a kill squad straight to the lair.
My uncle won't let that happen.
He wants you to
keep Morgan safe.
Protecting your own, that's what
John's all about, right?
Please don't do this. Please take her
or I'll call a kill squad myself.
Again.
Doesn't look like you're in limbo.
Again!
Well, still here.
Again.
This is what you broke me out
of Ultra for? Never should've left.
It's gonna work.
Says who?
Some crusty old professor
friend of your father's?
Limbo exists, I've seen it.
Stopping time while teleporting
is the only way to get there.
Maybe you're not
trying hard enough.
Oh, I'm teleporting just fine.
You're the one who's
supposed to stop time mid-jump.
It can't be done! It's like farting
and sneezing at the same time.
Scientifically impossible.
We all want to find Roger,
but there's no sense in killing yourself.
Or me.
Whatever, I'm thirsty anyway.
Are you okay?
You seem different since you've been back.
You wanna talk about it?
What, about me being psychically
mind-reamed by the founder?
I'd rather try and forget
what happened, Cara.
This doesn't make any sense.
The founder... Why would he
want to destroy us if he's one of us?
Okay, break's over.
You don't have to do this.
Actually I do.
She's going to find out.
I'm not going to be the one to tell her.
Cara's emotionally connected to you.
She feels what you feel.
And I'd rather she find out
from me than by reading your mind.
You know what that
would do to her.
And to you, it's not worth it.
Besides, my dad's not dead.
Even if that were true,
Stephen. I shot him.
I tried to kill him.
And then I tried to cover it up
by leading our people in this place.
This whole time
I've been living a lie.
Again.
So tonight I thought
I'd cook some Chinese.
No thanks, not hungry.
In case you missed that,
that was code for "I'm sorry."
I guess, when it comes to your dad
I just shut down.
I'm sorry, I don't mean
to shut you down too.
When I mentioned Thanatos, I got
the feeling that it meant something to you.
I don't know what that is.
[thinking] How does he know
about Thanatos?
Why're you lying to me.
What?
Tell me the truth, please.
I just want to know more about dad.
I should've known
this day would come.
When your dad took off,
I boxed up all his research materials.
It's just scribbles
and number formulas.
Stephen, just be careful.
Why?
Because you've been trying to turn
your father into someone he never was,
And I'm afraid if you open that box.
What?
You're going to
be disappointed.
Maybe it's better to
just leave it alone.
No. Sorry, mom.
I can't do that.
No, you can't, can you?
'Cause you're a seeker.
Just like him.
Well it's unfortunate
that John escaped.
But remember he was a
very formidable agent.
Yes, I also seem to remember that
you took quite a shine to him personally.
Is there something you
want to tell me, Jedikiah?
I'd like to spare you the humiliation
of having your mind read.
No, you're right.
There is something that...
For lack of a better way of
saying it, I have been deceiving you.
It has nothing to do with John.
But I am hiding
something from you.
A personal relationship.
Continue. - The nature of which,
if my colleagues found out about it,
Could undermine my authority.
You mean she's one of my kind?
[scoffing] of all the indiscretions.
Why?
You can dig through my brain
as much as you want,
But the truth of the matter
is it was an affair of the heart.
Somewhere along the line
my scientific curiosity became...
Unprofessional.
Well, don't beat
yourself up, Jedikiah.
You're only human.
Now. Would you like to
tie up our loose end,
Or should I?
No, I'll take care of it.
Good.
Tim?
I need you to try
and load something for me.
My name is professor Aldus Crick.
It is precisely 8:00 am
And this is trial number one
of the Thanatos project.
See John, I'm telling you.
This is how my dad
managed to disappear.
Because of some old lab video?
What does that prove? - Since when
were did you become so cynical?
The closer we get to
finding Roger,
The more you check out.
Cara, we should talk.
Alone.
What's up with them?
Lots.
Yes, well unfortunately, it appears
our research subject
Is late as usual.
Just picking up donuts.
Oh, bear claws. My favorite.
Shall we begin?
Aldus: Why not?
We're not going to find
him, Cara.
How do you know that?
Because I killed him.
What?
My last op for Ultra
was an assassination.
Jedikiah didn't just
modify me to kill.
He ordered me
to kill his own brother.
That's impossible.
It's the truth.
So all these years, you've
kept us locked down here,
Promised us a future, a way to
find the refuge, that was...
I did it for Roger.
I promised him that I would protect
the Tomorrow People. And I did.
You lied to them.
This whole thing, it's been
nothing but a lie.
Not all of it.
Don't touch me.
The only thing I ever
asked you for was honesty.
Honesty? How were you honest with me
about what happened with Stephen?
It happened because I could
never be with you. Not all the way.
Now I know why. All along,
you've been hiding yourself from me, John.
It's 1:18 am. Trial number 347
of the Thanatos project.
Stand by.
[groaning]
Roger: Results are again
inconclusive.
It's just the same thing over
and over and over again.
No offense, dude.
But no wonder your dad went bonkers.
Tim, can you fast-forward to the end,
please?
Tim: I am happy to, Stephen.
[grunting]
Yet again, inconclusive.
Son of a bitch!
[Roger panting]
Tim, turn it off.
No, wait, wait.
Give it a second.
I'm running out of time.
Chin up, Roger.
There's always
trial number 458.
No. We have to try
the alternate method.
You can't be serious.
It's suicide.
Where you going?
Going to go see the professor.
Stephen.
I'm sorry to just show up.
You're leaving because of me.
Nonsense. I'm just looking
for a change of scenery.
Long overdue.
Where will you go?
Who of us knows
where we are headed?
That's the beauty of life.
We can never see around the next bend,
Individually or as a species.
Who would ever have
imagined that
A people like you would be born
of our own primitive building blocks?
You are a very special
young man, Stephen.
Like your father.
But you knew that I couldn't reach him
by stopping time while teleporting.
You and my dad, you tried
how many times, and failed.
You saw the tapes...
He said there was an
alternate way to get to limbo.
You said it was suicide.
Professor, my dad had to die first,
didn't he?
It was only ever a
theory, really.
We could never prove it
because an experiment that only
Gets to be tried once
is hardly sound scientific method.
No, it worked.
What? How on earth
do you reckon that?
I ran the experiment myself,
by accident. When I was drowning
I must have stopped time
without even realizing it. I saw him.
Stephen...
It's possible.
Technically.
But highly unlikely.
Furthermore, if your father went
through so much trouble to disappear,
Consider the possibility
that he doesn't want to be found.
Why?
Stephen, there are things afoot
That you can't possibly
understand, my boy.
[crashing]
[gunfire]
Oh! No!
No, no... Don't...
Oh, no. Don't...
Someone was here with
our departed friend.
I can feel it.
Stephen?
What happened?
They killed him. They murdered
Crick right in front of me.
Why would Ultra kill Crick?
Because he confirmed that
there's a way for us to find my dad.
Your dad isn't in limbo, Stephen.
He's dead.
What do you mean, dead?
There's no point in
lying anymore.
Could someone please
explain to me what's going on?
Later. - It didn't work because
it was never going to work.
But there's another way.
Wherever my dad is,
You can't get there by
stopping time while teleporting.
Limbo exists in the time between
life and death.
What exactly are you
saying, Stephen?
Well... You have to try
to kill me.
No.
That is insane.
I was almost dead when
I saw him. That's how I got there,
And it's exactly what
happened when you shot him.
Okay? It was all part
of my dad's plan.
He wanted you to kill him.
He needed you to,
So that he could stop time right at
the moment of his death.
All we have to do
is re-create that moment.
It's the only way I can
bring him back.
And you are the only one
who can kill.
Listen to me, Stephen.
Jedikiah ordered me to kill your father.
There was no plan.
Roger didn't know! I saw it
on his face, I read it in his mind.
I held his body in my hands.
So trust me when I tell you
your father is dead.
Cara: Stephen, what you saw
was a vision.
You were hoping, like we were all hoping,
that Roger was still out there.
But it's not real.
You're both wrong. He's alive.
And I need your help.
This isn't about me. This is
about all of us. The refuge is real,
But we can't get
there without my dad.
Now, the whole reason
you guys tracked me down
Was so that I could find him.
So either you believe that
I'm the chosen one or you don't.
Which is it, Cara?
Hey.
Hey!
What are you doing home?
Is everything okay?
Yeah! Yeah, everything's fine.
I know it's late notice
but I was hoping
I could have a few friends over
for dinner.
Friends as in other than Astrid,
friends?
Yeah. Mom, I do have
friends, from work.
No, of course!
Uh... Yeah, that
would be great.
But we'll probably have to
go to the store,
Because I don't think we
have anything to eat.
No.
Uh, okay, but we could
order pizzas.
Yeah. - Luca's at practice tonight,
so if you want Romero's,
Tonight's your night.
But we still don't have anything to drink,
so let me get you some money.
No, I don't...
No, come on, this'll be fun.
It's been a long time
since you've had friends over.
Hey, I could pick up
some dessert from Broussards.
No, mom, okay?
Thank you. That's enough.
So, you never told me.
Did you find anything
in that box of your dad's stuff?
No, you were right.
Just a bunch of old junk.
Thank you.
[pulsating]
You got my message?
I couldn't have waited
another minute.
Neither can I.
So how do you know Stephen?
We, uh, work together, splicing genes
for science and whatnot.
Well, you don't look like
the research institute type.
the high school type.
Excuse me. I'm going to steal you.
Careful of this one.
Yes, I can see.
It's fun.
Well, your friends
are interesting.
Aren't they?
Yeah.
And they all work at your
uncle's company? - No.
Remember when you got angry
at me about the psychic subway dwellers?
Yes.
Right.
Mmm-hmm.
And Cara's here?
The one who's not-so-secretly
in love with you?
Yep.
She's actually with him.
Oh.
What a troll. I have no idea
what she sees in him.
Unbelievable.
Thanks for that.
No problem.
Okay, enough staring.
I wasn't...
Grab some pizza or something.
I wasn't staring.
Hey.
Uh, I don't want to be nosy, but
do you have any idea what's going on?
What do you mean?
Stephen and I have been friends
for a very long time,
And this whole get-together thing,
it's not really like him.
He said you were smart.
Well, it was nice to finally
meet the Tomorrow People.
Think my mom bought it?
Yeah. There is one part
I didn't buy, though.
Why?
Why? Why was it suddenly
so important that the people
From the two sides of
your life should finally meet?
What's going on?
Don't say nothing.
[chuckling defensively]
it was written all over Cara's face.
Cara?
Mmm.
You guys comparing notes on me?
She cares about you, as do I.
So what's the story?
Um...
I'm gonna try and bring
my dad home.
You know where he is?
How did you find him?
Doesn't matter.
Okay.
How long are you gonna be gone?
I don't know.
Right. So this is like
a goodbye party.
No. No, Astrid.
It's not like that.
You're scared.
Why don't you let me go with you?
Where I'm going,
you can't come with me.
But I promise I will be back.
I'm so sorry, Morgan.
Is it done?
I told you I'd take care of it.
Well, if you wouldn't
mind showing me,
Your recent behavior has
given me reason to doubt.
Dig in.
I've got nothing to hide.
Well done. But that doesn't
pardon you, Jedikiah.
Now, I know that you don't have
the capacity to read minds,
So let me tell you
exactly what I'm thinking.
If it weren't for your nephew,
I'd have very little patience for you.
Bear that in mind as we groom
Stephen for his ultimate purpose.
You're still alive.
I guess I misjudged
your boyfriend.
Yeah, you did.
And how do we know you weren't
followed back down here?
Trust me.
Jedikiah made sure there were
no more loose ends.
He faked killing you?
I have to admit,
he is an evil genius.
What's going on?
Where is everyone?
[thinking] we're getting
ready to kill Stephen.
Don't ask.
Devil's advocate.
If Stephen's wrong,
you'll have killed two chosen ones.
Get me the phenobarbital,
will ya?
He's got a point.
Look. Whatever happens
is on me.
Just promise you'll take care of
my mom and my brother.
So that's why you
invited us over?
I just don't want her to think
that I abandoned them.
Like my dad.
You want me to tell her the truth,
about you, your dad, our entire species?
Whatever it takes
to keep them safe.
You ready?
You've gone over the plan?
I inject him,
one unit at a time,
Slowing his heart rate
until he flatlines.
Pretty straightforward, really.
I'll set it up with Tim so that
he can monitor your vitals.
Can I ask you a favor?
You know, just in case
this doesn't work.
A last will and testament?
Let John off the hook,
will you?
Why would that matter to you?
Our kind is hanging on
by a thread.
And when you two are
at odds, all of us are vulnerable.
Look, it's not like I want to see you
two together, but he loves you, Cara.
That's why he couldn't
tell you the truth.
To be honest, I don't know if
I could either.
[door opening and closing]
Is this band equipment?
How we looking, Tim?
Tim: Online to monitor
Stephen's vitals.
But if I could point out
the irrationality of this plan...
Just give me the exact
time for brain death so that
I can inject him
with the epinephrine.
You ready, Stephen?
Let's do this already.
I'll be in your head
the whole way.
I've spent six years trying
to atone for killing your father.
This ability you've been hiding
may feel evil, but today it's a gift.
Heart rate?
50... 40... 30...
Blood pressure is 80
over 60 and falling rapidly.
He's bottoming out.
Heart rate is becoming faint.
I've ceased to detect it. - Only 10 seconds
before he loses consciousness.
Do it now, Stephen! If you want
to stop time, you have 10 seconds.
Did it work?
Did he do it?
I don't know.
I can't reach him
telepathically.
It's like he's not
there at all.
How long do we have to
bring him back?
Tim: You have only one minute
before brain damage begins.
Forty seconds.
Stephen?
Stephen, can you hear me?
Tim: Thirty seconds...
I'm giving him the epinephrine,
I'm bringing him back.
Not yet.
This is what he wanted.
It's not time.
Tim: Twenty seconds...
I'm bringing him back.
Nothing's happening.
Tim: Ten seconds.
Come on, Stephen.
Come on, come back to us.
[panting] I'm not
gonna let you die.
Tim: T-minus zero.
That's time.
[thinking] please, Stephen.
Don't leave us.
I don't know if we can do
this without you.
You have to come back.
Please.
[panting]
What happened?
I saw him.
We have to find my dad's body.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org